Gezahegn Abdissa Bayessa is a Ph.D. Student at Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Chongqing, China. He has received the B.Sc. In Electrical engineering from Jimma University, Ethiopia in 2008 and M.S. degree in information and communication Engineering from Huazhong University of Science and Technology, Wuhan, China in June 2016. 

Gezahegn abdissa bayessa has been teaching and supervising undergraduate students and organizing workshops, field visits, and industry linkage activities in collaboration with industries. From 2008 to 2011, he worked as an instructor at Agaro TVET college in Agaro, Ethiopia, in the department of electrical electronics technology. During 2010-2011, he also held management roles, including college vice dean, focal person for technology transfer, and department head, where he contributed to both administrative and academic functions of the college. From 2011 to 2020, he served as a lecturer at Wollega university in Nekemte, Ethiopia, within the department of electrical and computer engineering, college of engineering and technology. In additionally, in 2016 and 2017, he has been the associate dean for industry linkage and community service, college of engineering and technology. 

Gezahegn Abdissa Bayessa has a strong ability in solving optimization problems, designing algorithms, develop and author quality research articles in close collaboration. His research has been published in top IEEE Journals and Conferences including IEEE Internet of Things Journal, etc. His main research interests include B5G and 6G mobile communications, UAV-enabled communications, satellite communications, integrated communication and sensing, and edge computing.
